This Privacy Policy governs the privacy practices with respect to your use
of the "Blackjack 21" mobile software application (hereinafter: "the Software")
and the gaming service offered therein (hereinafter: "the Service"). 
 

DESCRIPTION OF THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT 

To enhance the performance of the Software, we may gather anonymous non-personal
information about your use of the Software and the Service, such as your IP address,
device UDID, web browser, etc. We might also use third-party ad-serving and/or
analytics technologies, which employ a variety of techniques to gather data via the
Software and the Service.

These technologies may be included into the Software and the Service and may gather
data from your device, such as your IP address, device UDID, software, applications,
hardware, browser information, internet and online usage data, and in-game data,
in addition to demographic and geographic data. 
 

WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT 

For the purposes of operating the Software and making changes to it, anonymous data 
acquired through the Software is used. You consent to receiving communications from 
us about new features or products via the Software and the Service. 


YOUR CONTROL OF THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US 

Through your Software choices, you may always review and modify the data you gave us.
You can get in touch with us if you have any queries about this or if you want to
delete some or all of the information from the Service. We'll respond quickly and
help you out if you need it. 


INFORMATION SHARING PRACTICES 

Unless you gave us permission to do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy,
we have a good faith belief that the disclosure of the information is required by any
applicable law, regulation, court order, legal proceedings, or governmental demand,
it is necessary to handle security breach or fraud investigations, or it is necessary
to enforce the terms of our Terms of Use, we do not share any information we collect
with third parties. You will not be given any information about you by us if you click
on a link to one of the business partners advertisings in the Software. 


AGE REQUIREMENT 

To use the Software, you must be at least three years old. You certify that you are at least 
3 years old by agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use that were
provided to you prior to downloading or displaying the Software, and while using it.
The conditions of our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy must be read and accepted by your
legally appointed guardian if you are under 18 years old. 
If we have reason to think that you are under the age of 13, we will erase your information
from our servers. We do not intentionally collect personal information from anyone under the
age of 13. 


INFORMATION SECURITY 
This kind of service aims to provide a ready-made infrastructure for running particular features
or components of this Application in addition to hosting the data and files necessary for this
Application to execute and be distributed. 

It can be challenging to pinpoint the precise location of where the Personal Data are stored because
some of these services operate through servers that are globally dispersed. 

Firebase (Firebase, Inc.) Google Inc. offers the hosting and backend service Firebase.
Personal data was gathered in a variety of ways, as described in the service's privacy statement.
Czechia's privacy policies are available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
By implementing the necessary security measures, we safeguard your information against unintentional
loss as well as unauthorized use, modification, or disclosure. 

We restrict access to it to just those of our staff members (or outside service providers we may
hire solely to help us) who require access to it in order to execute their tasks. 

Although we have taken reasonable operational and technological information security precautions,
we cannot guarantee that unauthorized parties won't ever be able to get around them. As a result,
we highly advise you to exercise caution when communicating with people using the Service. 


CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY 

We shall update our privacy statement if we decide to do so and post it on the software.
The Software and Service as well as any information you give us will be given to the acquiring party
in the event that the Company sells or is acquired, or if substantially all of its assets are
transferred to another party. In this situation, the terms of use and privacy policy in effect at the
time the software and service were collected would still apply to the information you give. 


HOW TO CONTACT US 

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. 
Shanmukhasiddu@gmail.com 